Preliminary findings:
        # Quesions of interest: & interpretation of results:
        A Revisit the Question - Considering all regressors:
                A. Is an automatic or manual transmission better for mpg
                        The results of using multiple linear regression techniques
                        sugggest that manual transmissions are associated with better
                        mpg ratings than automatic transmissions
                B. Quantify the MPG difference between automatic and manual transmissions
                        On average manual transmissions provides 24.39 mpg which is 7.24 mpg
                        more than the 17.15 mpg average of the automatic transmission models
        B Primary result
                A. Are any other regressors significantly correlated with mpg rating?
                        a. model fnm6 = factor(am) + cyl + disp + hp + drat + wt
                        this model has an R^2 value of 85.13%
                B. Further testing
                        a. using the step function in both directions selects wt, qsec and am
                        as good predictors with an 84.96% R^2 value indicating very good
                        predictability using this set of regresssors

        C Direction, Magnitude, Uncertainty
                A.
        D Context
                A. It should be noted that vehicle weight has a strong negative correlation
                to mpg ratings and the weight of vehicle models with manual transmissions
                range from 1.513tons to 3.570 tons and the weight of vehicles with automatic
                transmissions range from 2.465 tons to 5.424 tons

        E Implications - Congruence with existing knowledge?
                A. Sedan, Sports, Luxury


Diagnostics:                            √ ? more may be needed

Hypothesis Test:                        ?
                H0 = mean(automatic transmission)mpg  =   mean(manual transmission)mpg
                Ha = mean(automatic transmission)mpg  !=  mean(manual transmission)mpg


Inference & Prediction:                 ?


To answer the question of whether automatic or manual transmissions are better for gas mileage
we will look at vehicles with roughly the same design components  as possible using this given
data set.  Such a comparison is best shown in figure XXXXX


Our results of diagnostic testing that a small number of vehicles exhibit a degree of leverage
and influence over the "MPG" analysis results at both ends of the ratings. The following
vehicles!!!!!!!
